Add Jumpcloud documentation (#1354)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/xdr/features/collect/integrations/cloud_and_saas/jumpcloud_directory_insights.md

uuid: a1dbed03-cd69-4a51-8ae5-aa67d2f29fcb
name: Jumpcloud Directory Insights
type: intake

## Overview

Jumpcloud Directory Insights provides activity records related to your organization.

{!_shared_content/operations_center/detection/generated/suggested_rules_a1dbed03-cd69-4a51-8ae5-aa67d2f29fcb_do_not_edit_manually.md!}

{!_shared_content/operations_center/integrations/generated/a1dbed03-cd69-4a51-8ae5-aa67d2f29fcb.md!}

## Configure

### Generate API token

> Sign-in in your Jumpcloud tenant with administrator role, click on your username on the top right of the screen and select `My API Key`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Sign-in in your Jumpcloud tenant with administrator role
2. Click on your username on the top right of the screen 
3. Select `My API Key
```

### Create the intake in Sekoia.io

> Go to the [intake page](https://app.sekoia.io/operations/intakes) and create a new intake from the format `Jumpcloud Directory Insights`. Copy the intake key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the [intake page](https://app.sekoia.io/operations/intakes) 
2. Create a new intake from the format `Jumpcloud Directory Insights`. 
3. Copy the intake key
```
